Integrations landing page (#660)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/integrations/newrelic/index.md

---
title: Creating a New Relic token for Roadie
publishedDate: '2021-09-09T21:00:00.0Z'

> description: How to create a NewRelic token for use with Backstage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How to create a New Relic token for use with Backstage.
```
